*: cut 2.8.0 (#5333)
prometheus/prometheus: CHANGELOG.md

## 2.8.0 / 2019-03-11

> This release uses WAL for remote_write API. This currently causes a little higher usage of memory, which will be improved upon in the future releases.

Reviewer: Nit: I think it would be nice to specify Write-ahead log here. Unexpanded acronyms make me very sad.

Author: No problem with that. Doing.

> This release uses WAL for remote_write API. This currently causes a little higher usage of memory, which will be improved upon in the future releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release uses WAL (write ahead log) for the remote write API. This currently causes a slight increase in memory usage which will be addressed in future releases.
```

* [ENHANCEMENT] (1) Remember All/Unhealthy choice on target-overview when reloading page. (2) Resize text-input area on Graph page on mouseclick. #5201
* [ENHANCEMENT] In `histogram_quantile` merge buckets with equivalent le values. #5158.
* [ENHANCEMENT] Show list of offending labels in the error message in many-to-many scenarios. #5189

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Show `Storage Retention` criteria in affect in `/status` page. #5322

Reviewer 2: effect on
